

------------------------------------------------------

React note:

Controlled Components:
The controlled component takes the state through props.
Parent components can control it by handling the callback and managing its own state meanwhile, the new values are passed to the controlled component as props.

By default React forms have support for both controlled and uncontrolled components. It is highly recommended that you use controlled components. 
The following code snippet shows a controlled component.
<input type = "text" value = {value} onChange = {handleChange} />
------------------------------------------------------------------

Throttling and Debouncing
They’re just concepts we can implement using the setTimeout web API. Some libraries like underscore.js and loadash provide these methods out of the box.

When You’ll Need Them
Debouncing and throttling are recommended to use on events that a user can fire more often than you need them to.

Examples include window resizing and scrolling. The main difference between throttling and debouncing is that throttling executes the function at a regular interval, while debouncing executes the function only after some time period.

Throttling
Throttling is a technique in which, no matter how many times the user fires the event, the attached function will be executed only once in a given time interval.

For instance, when a user clicks on a button, a helloWorld function is executed which prints Hello, world on the console. Now, when throttling is applied with 1000 milliseconds to this helloWorld function, no matter how many times the user clicks on the button, Hello, world will be printed only once in 1000 milliseconds. Throttling ensures that the function executes at a regular interval.

Debouncing
In the debouncing technique, no matter how many times the user fires the event, the attached function will be executed only after the specified time once the user stops firing the event.

For instance, suppose a user is clicking a button 5 times in 100 milliseconds. Debouncing will not let any of these clicks execute the attached function. Once the user has stopped clicking, if debouncing time is 100 milliseconds, the attached function will be executed after 100 milliseconds. 

